the moonlight shines across the lake glimmering ever so lightly . finally a night alone everyone is away for the whole week and somehow i managed to get away from it all . i haven't had time to myself in a such a long time . standing in the kitchen thoughts of what i would like to do with this feel time flood threw my mind . what should i do first , relax , watch some tv . na i do that all the time . i want to do something different . i walk back to the bedroom  , sit on the bed and look around in the dark room with only the moonlight shining through .
something catches my eye outside in the back yard near the lake . i can't make it out , it is too far down on the property . i shrug it off it must be an animal . i slip off my shoes and head back out to the living room . i hear a faint noise from the same direction and now i have to check it out . i walk out onto the porch and i can see a silhouette of some kind with just a bit of shimmering moonlight . what , who is that? i venture to the back of the yard in the dark , i strangely feel drawn towards the lake . i can now see it is a figure . i stop by the tree on the outer rim of the water and i watch this figure in the moonlight . i can not see any details just a shadow of mystery and a turquoise colored necklace . the figure slowly walks towards the lake and slips in the water .
the moonlight ripples the water in the darkness as the figure runs their hands over their body and threw their hair . a woman? soft light glistens off her now wet breast as she stands up in the water . her silhouette drips with moisture as she turns to walk back into the yard . i step back cracking a small twig . i glance down and befor i knew it there she was standing in front of me i still could not see her details but i could see that she was looking at me in a seductive way . turquoise eyes and a turquoise gem necklace radiating a magical essence . frozen in place she reaches for my hand . i am speechless over her beauty . soft curves , perfect breasts , long legs and tight ass . the light shown lightly on it made me weak all over except for my now hard cock .
i could not help myself i felt strangely hypnotized . she lead me towards the picnic table we have we in our yard . i watched as each drop slid down her moonlite body . i felt desire build up inside me , a feeling i have not felt in a very very long time . she sits me down facing towards her and the water . i look up into her eyes and watch her every move as she starts to dance sliding her hands up and down her body seducing me in every way . she glides her thighs against my knees and whips her torso around and her soft wet hair across my face and neck like sweet perfume . she continues to dance , bending forward so i might lick her glistening ass cheeks .
lowering herself down to a sensual squat she rubs my inner legs nearly feeling my hard throbbing cock . my head leans back as she slides her breast between my legs wetting my jeans . caressing my face she leans down that i might peer into her eyes . turquoise like her necklace . i want to reach for her but i am unable . she slides her body down mine and kneels in the grass , bending forward she lowers her head in my lap . a moan escapes my mouth as she moves her head back and forth across my cock . i glance forward and i can see her hard nipples dripping wet with shine from the moonlight . god dam!
she grasps my hand and slides them up her torso and lifts them up to hover over her breast not touching them but in a tease type fashion . this drives me crazy because the sexual energy is building up inside me . she stands me up and continues to dance around me sliding her body around mine like a glove . pressing her breast against my back and running her hands over my ass reaching around and finally gently massaging my rock hard cock . i instantly feel a rush run threw me as she now turns to face me . slowly unbuttoning my shirt she licks my chest , she feels so warm , so inviting . feeling as though i can now move my hands , i slide them up her neck , behind her ears and threw her soft damp hair . she closes her eyes and falls towards me . she caresses my face with hers whispering in my ear , sending sensations all through my body .
she dances still in front of me constantly moving her hands up and down my body . she dips down in a squatting position and slowly unbuttons my jeans . her fingertips glide slowly down my legs sending wild sensations through me . she runs her tongue up my inner thigh and knowing where this is going i lean back and look into the moonlight which now seems to be a turquoise color . i feel a warm sensation and i glanced down to see her sweet lips and tongue stroking my cock . it disappears deep into her mouth touching the back of her warm throat i grasped the bench and moan deeply . her hands reach out to grasp me . she pulled me closer to her nearly at the point of climax i pull her face up to mine and i lick her lips and kiss her softly . licking her cheeks and down her neck . she moans dragging her nails along my back . i sit her on my knees and i cup her breast in my hands . i kiss and drag my tongue around her wet chest not to miss one spot . i center myself and with a stiff tongue i lick her nipples she arches her back and moan into the night
i reach around her back and cup my hands around her shoulders and pull her back so that she is arched . her torso slides towards me her wet pussy lips stroking up my cock an over-the-head dipping in her warm spot . i thrust my legs up and enter her colliding against the walls of her pussy . i can feel all the bumps as they tickle the head of my cock so deep so warm we melt together . in , out i thrust her up and down she bounces on me and her hair flows in the light breeze . she leans back and moans in ecstasy . i stand up and hold her to me her legs wrapped around my waist . i walk into the water still deep inside her . i look into her eyes and we kiss lustful and passionate running our hands through each other's hair .
grasping at the neck i lower her into the water . as we dance ripples appear in the moonlight . she swings me around and i fall on top of her on the edge of the lake . wrapping her arms around me and thrusting her pussy up to me as i thrust down . i can see the turquoise color moonlight shining off her wet skin . the necklace even brighter than before . i lean up dragging my hands along the sides of her body . she wraps her legs around my waist i thrust deep inside her . her warm pussy sucks my cock . i pulled her towards me and flip her around . now on her knees i bend her forward and slide my open palm down her wet back and guide her towards my stiffness . she reaches back for my hand and i grabbed her wrist and slowly slide back in .
everytime i enter her it sends a vibration of energy through me . i grabbed her supple ass and spread her cheeks so that i may become farther deep inside . she lets out several hard moans thrusting back on me . her pushes become harder and faster moaning louder and louder . i lift her up and take her to the table laying her on top . as i stand next to her , legs in the air i enter her once more . she reaches down and touches me and herself as we shift the table out of place . i can feel her pussy tighten on my cock as i thrust faster and deeper . as she comes to her end i pull out and bury my face in her sweet pussy tasting all of her as she cums in my mouth , on my face . i softly lick her as her moans become more intense .
she starts to quiver and shake as i suspect she is cumming again . i then thrust into her as her muscles clench around my cock i climax feeling the rush of sensations . still sensitive to the touch i slowly exit as she lowers herself to me cupping and licking me . i lift her up to my face and i lick her lips as she licks mine . as we kiss and hold our bodies close to each other the moonlight brightness and i have to close my eyes .
i stretch and wake to my surprize in my bed . was it all a dream? did i imagine the lady with the turquoise eyes who so deeply filled me with pleasure . it can't be . it was insanely erotic and felt so real . i never felt so strongly about this encounter . i stand and slip my jeans on and i feel something rigid in my pocket . i reach in a pull it out . it is the turquoise necklace the woman was wearing . it wasn't a dream after all . i hurried and slipped into a shirt and went out back to the table were we both reached climax and i see an etching on the end . it looks like a symbol of some kind .
i hold out the necklace and on the back of the turquoise stone there is the same symbol . what does this mean? at that same time i see something out of the corner of my eye . i quickly turn my head to see the same marking on the tree just deeping inset in the shape of the gemstone . i place it against the tree and suddenly i am in the dark with the moonlight shining behind me on the lake . i turn to face the water and i see her walking towards me . she reaches out to me and i go to her she wraps her arms around me and i fall under her spell once more .
as we slowly approached our destination as the sky was getting dark i can see the clouds coming together and it look like a chance for rain . it was a warm summer night the kind with a slight breeze and just perfect for being outside .
i was wearing my little shorts and my top that seems to never cover anything and you were dressed in your jeans , black baseball hat and one of those shirts with the color that could land an airplane with broad shoulders to match . i couldn't stop looking your way and smiling . you're also smiling back at me i love that smile .
we both knew why we came here and we both knew that it was going to be great . both of us were still sitting in the truck i scooted over into the middle of the bench and put my head on your shoulder it was nice . i laid my hand on your leg and then i decided to kneel up on my knees on the bench  ,my elbow on the back and look straight into your eyes which were trying not to look away from my gaze .
as you were talking because you were nervous i leaned over to the side of your face and i rubbed my nose on your ear and slowly kiss down your neck taking my hand and put it on the side of your face and pull your face towards mine and kiss your so sweet lips ever so sweetly . i kiss down the sides of your face down into your neck slowly sticking my tongue out and touch every bit of stubbly whiskers that are so desirable to me .
you pull your arms out from your sides and put one on my side and the other on my face and you hold me as i kiss you and you kiss me the sensation that your kiss gives to me is indescribable . i love the way your hands feel when they touch me i love the way your lips feel when you kiss me .you slowly lean me back on the bench of the truck i've never done it in a truck before i'm so glad that it will be with you . you slowly slide your hands up my shirt and push my bra up ,out of the way to grab my breast . which in turn i moan . your touch sends chills down my spine and i cannot hold any moans inside .
as the thunder rolls in the distance down comes the rain . the sound of the rain mixed with our breath and lover moans sets the mood for an intoxicating night .you caress the side of my body yanking my leg up high thrusting your pelvis down on to me i jerk my head back in pleasure and let it out moan so deep . with both of your arms above my head caressing my hair holding down my hands kissing my face my ears my neck i moan with delight . again you thrust your hips forward and my pussy quivers with desire for you to introduce her to your large throbbing cock . i thrust back to you and i pull your shirt up and i rub on your chest , kissing and licking . you deeply moan as you release all of your tenson .
you look into my eyes and i look into your eyes and i can see that you want me and i want you too . i want you so bad! please take me please do as you want with me tell me what you want me to do to you i will do anything i want to stick your huge cock in my mouth swirling around with my tongue it'll be so good and it will taste so good and you will moan with pleasure and i will touch myself and i will hop on top of you and ride you in the front seat of your truck in the bed of your truck i just want you to take me i want you to bend me over the tailgate of your truck i want you to pull my hair and ram your dick up my freaking pussy and teach it a lesson because it's been bad , it's been so bad and it needs a real man to show it how good it feels .
ok got a little off track there .
so you were on top of me in your truck on the front seat . i grab your ass and you grab mine and we slowly grinding each other and it feels so good . you're teasing me , rubbing the head of your cock on my clit and i'm moaning so bad , 'oh yes , oh i want you to take me , i can't take it no longer' but i'm so glad that we waited and now that we can , it will be so good .
i hike my leg up over the seat you take your thick cock and smack it on my wet kitty . rubbing it on my clit dipping the head in pussy . circling it around my hole you slowly lower yourself into me .
looking down at me you say , 'your pussy so tight' thrusting forward my titties bounce it feels so good . we hold each other and kiss and you slowly fuck me into bliss . i grab my chest and rub my nipples . i motion for you to come closer to lick them . your tongue it so tingly i feel electrified . you pull up my other leg and sit up thrusting into me holding on and you look so hot and you're eyes barely open and you're sweating and it's dripping on me . just 2 lovers & a truck . the rain's a comin' down and i'm in a playful mood . i hop on out and i go around to the driver's side and yank you out . your reluctant but you come out anyways .
it is not long before we are both soaking wet with warm summer rain . i pull you to me and we kiss deeply . you pull my shirt off , pick up my big breast with both hands and bury you face in them . licking , sucking and nibbling on them . i moan into the night sky through the rain and distant rumbles . i hike my leg up on the tailgate and you slide your fingers down my leg to my trembling kitty , cupping it in your hand , feeling it's warmth on your fingers . twisting your fingers all around you tease me , i moan and grasp at your back .
you turn me around and sit my ass on the gate you lift my leg into the air , kissing and nibbling all the way down . 'oh dennis you make me feel so good!' i feel your tongue making sweet love to my pussy and i am in heaven . i reach for you and pull you close to me . leaning up i kiss you . i am so happy . i hope off the gate and turn you around kissing your lips and slowing going down your neck onto your shoulders and down your chest licking and kissing . i squat down at your hips and nuzzle my face into your soaking wet jeans . i feel your hard cock throbbing inside . i unbutton your jeans with my teeth and slide that zipper down .
gripping your hips i slide your jeans and boxers down . i glide my hands up your legs and over your ass . sliding my tongue up the shaft of your cock , licking and swirling my tongue around the head . you grasp the sides of my face and have me look up at you while you pull me forward unto your shaft . slowly it enters my mouth and touches the back of my throat , you arch your head back and moan . i lean back and forth drooling all over your hot thick rod . it is throbbing so hard it sends signals to my wet pussy .
you pull me up to your face and lick my lips and i lick your and we kiss . you taste so good . sliding your hands down my back onto my ass you pull me forward thrusting your cock between my thighs oh so slippery . i turn around pressing my naked body against yours as the warm rain falls . reaching round you fondle my breasts , teasing my nipples . leaning my neck to the side you kiss and bite me , i moan into the night and bend forward thrusting my ass into your pelvis , rubbing your cock between my cheeks .
you pull me up and look into my eyes , those eyes that make me melt inside . you kiss me hard and whip me around onto the tailgate and push me down . you rub the head of your cock on my pussy and thrust it in , i flip my head back and moan , 'ugh yes it feels so good' hot thick nearly ripping me apart and my pussy is going wild . i put my arms behind my back and you grab hold and pull me back as you thrust forward again and again . 'ugh yah ugh ugh yes it feels so good .
you pull me and and i turn around and site on the edge of the gate . you lift my legs and slide back in . 'oh yah dennis , yeah fuck me ugh ugh yes yes take me i can't take it no longer i want you please fuck me harder yeah it's so hard' i start moving my hips faster and faster and i can tell that you're going to cum and you get ready to release and i'm screamin and your truck is rockin and feel so good and you pull it out and you blast it all over me and we're both moaning and i grab you and pull you down on top of me and we lay there or just a while and we look up at the now clear sky with the twinkling stars . i look over to you and say 'that was wonderful .' and i smile .
it's sunday afternoon as i make my way to my girlfriend amy's house to surprise her . she lives with her mom in a posh part of town . she should just be home from visiting her father as i arrive unannounced to visit her . we have only being seeing each other 4 weeks after meeting in a local bar .
i ring the doorbell and after waiting a few minutes it's opened by a lady i can only assume to be her mom . i'm generally a shy enough guy so when this gorgeous lady answers the door i'm quite tongue tied . she smiles and asks 'can i help you'? 'yeah is amy in?'
'ahhh , you must be mike , she's told me a lot about you . i'm lisa , amy's mom come on in' . she closes the door behind me then reaches out her hand . 'very nice to meet you mike' . we shake hands and then i follow her into the kitchen . i can't help but stare she is wearing a dress that shows of all her curves . her ass looks amazing ,the dress stops just above her knees . i'm a standard 22 year old and i can feel my cock stirring in my trousers .
as we step into the kitchen she glances back and spots me eyeing her ass up . she smiles at me and asks me to take a seat .
'i'm expecting amy along anytime' . i sit at the end of the table . lisa asks if i would like anything to which i tell her a glass of water would be fine .
as she comes towards the table with the glass her phone beeps . she looks at it and says she has a text from amy saying she will be a couple of hours as her dad got drunk and she has to take the bus .
'so typical of that selfish prick' . i struggle to keep eye contact with lisa as she sits on the edge of the table . her long tanned legs stretch out just beside me . i stand up and tell her i'll call back later but she puts a hand on my shoulder and sits me down again saying i should stay so we can get to know each other . she the moves along the table until she is right in front of me . i've noticed just how close we are so i slide the chair back until it hits the wall behind me . with a hand still on my shoulder she reaches down and rubs my cock .
'ohhh my have you a semi mike mmmmm' she purrs . as she is now bent over in front of me her tits are right in front of my nose . her long brown hair is all about me hypnotising me slightly .
i'm broken out of this trance by my phone ringing .
lisa has expertly pulled down my zip and unbuttoned my trousers . she has now whipped my now hard member out and started to tug on it . 'ohhh i love a young hard cock'she whispers in my ear . she the looks me on the eye and asks 'are you gonna answer that'?
i dig around in my pocket and get my phone to my horror it's amy . lisa takes the phone of me and answers it then hands it straight back to me .
she then works my trousers and briefs down around my ankles . i'm in a trance again as amy asks me how i am and what i'm up too . 'not much just at home' i answer . lisa is now looking up at me shaking her head at me ,she then grabs my cock pulling my foreskin back to reveal my tip which is oozing pre cum . amy goes on to tell me that she will be late home as she has to get the bus . uh huh is all i can reply as lisa licks my cock with her tongue . a trail of pre cum joins her tongue and my cock as she moves her head back a few inches . amy tells me she can't wait to see me this evening and if i fancied joining her and her mom for dinner . 'that would be great' i half squeal as lisa takes me in her mouth . 'are you sure your ok?' amy asks . uh huh i mumble .
amy starts on to tell me about her weekend . lisa now stands up and sits on the table in front of me putting a foot on the chair just in front of my cock . the other she lifts up till it's just below my chin . she is wearing a pair of high heeled sandals . i just noticed that her toe nails are painted black like her fingernails . 'take it of' she mouths at me . as i put my phone down on my leg she moves her other foot to my cock pushing the heel against my hard member . i stifle a squeal as i slip her shoe off . she then runs her foot down my chest and gets it under my tee shirt rubbing the sole of her foot up my chest as i put the phone to my ear again . amy seems not to have noticed as she still going on about her dad . lisa smiles at me and then mouths . 'take it off' again referring this time to my tee shirt .
i put my phone down again and oblige her . amy then tells me that she will now ring her mom and ask if i can come to dinner then hangs up . lisa laughs and tuts 'telling lies to your girlfriend .'
meanwhile her heeled foot pushes me back against the chair and she puts the other 1 to my mouth telling me to kiss her foot . she then lifts her dress up to reveal no panties and her pussy is nicely shaved . lying back on the table she wraps her ankles around my head pulling me into her . as i start to lick her pussy she let out a squeal 'mmmmm oh yeahhhhhh'
her phone then starts to ring she picks it up and sighs it's amy .
i start to lick her clit as she pushes my head away and holds me with her feet 1 at my mouth the other at my chest pushing her heel hard against me as she answers her phone . i suck on her toes as she quickly tells amy yeah mike can come around to dinner she then tells her to ring her when she's at the station . hanging up she pulls my head in between her legs . her pussy is getting wetter the longer i lick and suck on it .
she pushes me back onto the chair and lifts her heeled foot up to me 'you know what to do' . i quickly undo the buckle she then stands up lifting her dress off so that she is just wearing a bra . she then puts a leg either side of me lowering her pussy down onto my cock . rubbing her pussy against me she unclips her bra . her tits are a sight to behold as she pushes then together then rubs her nipples against my mouth .
'suck my tits while i fuck you big boy' she lowers her pussy onto my cock as i suck on either nipple . lisa holds onto the back of the chair and with her feet on the floor she fucks hard loud and fast with her cumming quickly . as she stands up putting her bra back on she looks at me smiling she tells me she'll finish me off after dinner .
we both get dressed and she walks me to the door before she opens it she gives me a lovely wet kiss and tells me she'll see me in a a couple of hours for dinner .
this is unnatural
as lester leaves the bathroom running on bare feet and just a towel wrapped around him , he hears his mother calling:
'lester , come give me a hand here .' she calls out .
the old woman’s timing can always be so totally out , he thinks to himself . he likes to get dressed immediately after a shower , before he does anything else .
but , as he has to walk pass her bedroom in any case , he might as well see what it is she wants .
as he enters his mother's bedroom , he sees that she is standing with her back towards the door , dressed only in her half-slip .
ah , the bra again , he thinks to himself . since he was a small boy , he always had to help his mother to fasten the clips of her bra at the back . when he was smaller , he did not give it two thoughts , but as he grew older , he really hated it . he loved his mother , but he really did not want to be that close to her .
and now that he is 24 years old he definitely doesn't like doing it at all . but she still insists on asking him .
'mum , let me first get dressed ,' he says from the door .
'just fasten the clips , lester . it will only take a few seconds to do it . . .' she insists .
he observes that he can see right through the sheer material of the slip that she is wearing . underneath the slip , she has on a bright pink floral panty . those large ones that covers up to the tummy . it sits tightly over her soft , well-rounded bum . small rolls of fat are visible on the sides , giving her that plump , forward-leaning , old woman look .
although his mother is 65 years old , she is still very active and does mostly everything around the house . she is very active in welfare organisations and likes to volunteer . she even has her own soup kitchen where she feeds the homeless and people living in squatter camps . her age never deterred her from doing exactly what she wanted to do .
as he starts putting the little clips into the little hooks of the stretchy band of the bra , his mother’s warm womanly smell enters his nostrils . she is very clean on herself and everything around her . she smells like carnations and cinnamon . standing that close to his mother , feeling the heat from her soft , plump body and getting her nice scent makes him think of his mother as a woman for the first time in his life .
he immediately tries to get rid of the thought , but it sticks like hot toffee in his consciousness .
he and cindy had a hell of a fight two days ago and he told her never to return . he had already decided – even before the fight - that he was not going to take her back , no matter how much she cries when she cools down . they were fighting far too much in the last few months and he finds it exhausting . what with all the problems at work , he cannot afford to have stress away from work as well .
problem is , for the past few days he did not have a good fuck . and here he has a woman right in front of him . a woman with whom he had been living his whole life long . and she is standing millimetres away from his cock , wearing only her underwear .
his mother has been a widow for , what is it…fifteen years now…
since his father died , he never saw his mother with a man , which means she did not have sex for longer than fifteen years now . unless , of course , she is doing things he does not know about . he knows his father was very sick for over two years before he died . so he will be doing his mother a favour if he fucks her . a favour that she maybe does not want , but he will just have to convince her that this is the right thing to do .
he is her little boy after all .
he can feel that his penis had already taken that decision for him as it had already started filling with blood , swelling out to its full size . to a cock a pussy is a pussy , does not matter whom it belongs to . a man’s cock is after all the least discriminating organ in the whole body .
with the decision taken , he unhooks the bra and let it fall to the floor , exposing his mother's breasts in front . at the same time , he unhooks the towel and suddenly he stands with his upstanding cock against the nice soft plumpness of his mother's slip-covered ass .
'lester , what the hell are you doing . . .' his mother exclaims loudly .
he gets a good grip on her from behind , while pressing his strong cock even harder against the softness of her ass . god , it already feels so fantastic good , and he did not even arrive at the flesh yet . his hips starts moving against her from behind .
at the same time , he starts squeezing her big , soft breasts , moving it like dough in his hands . his fingers move lightly over the firm nipples , stimulating it . he knows that his mother's brown nipples each lie in a big brown stain on her soft white breasts . that was where he sucked his milk from when he was a baby . today he will suck it just for pleasure . . .
'lester , what the hell are you doing . . .nooo…' his mother reprimands him now in a strict voice as she struggles to get out of his grip .
'don't worry mum . . .i will do everything . . .' he says as he kiss her in her wrinkled neck , blowing hot air over the sensitive skin . he knows this wakes up the fires of hell in any woman . but this will be especially nice for someone who didn't feel the strong touch of a man for so long . his hips are already moving up and down , rubbing his erect penis over the smooth material of the slip , covering her big bum .
'lester , stop immediately . . .' she says as she now desperately tries to get out of his grip . this makes the plumpness of her ass move even more against the stiffness of his cock . he grinds his cock up and down the smooth slip even harder now .
'i can feel that stiff thing of yours on my behind . we can't do this . . .i am your mother , for god's sake . . .' she says as she struggles against his much stronger arms . “what’s wrong with you , dammit…?”
'relax mum; this is going to be so nice . just relax and enjoy it . i am not even in you – yet - but already i can feel the extreme pleasure . you are going to like this a lot…'
'please , lester , stop this . . .we can't do this . . .we cannot do stuff like this , i am your mother . . .' she says desperately . “no…”
with that the plump buttocks gyrate some more on his excited penis as the old lady makes a final effort to get out of his strong grip .
'oh , oh . . .mum . . .it feels so good . . .don’t worry , no one will know . this is going to be our secret…'
he let the tip of his tongue dart all over her neck . he lightly blows hot air over her ear and whispers .
'lift up the slip mum . . .'
'no , lester , stop this . . .' she says . he can hear the uncertainty in her voice as the pleasure also fills her body now , he imagines . his hands feel the nipples getting hard . when one did not have sex for a long time , any stimulation will make you explode with sexual energy almost in no time .
when she reluctantly move her hands down to the slip and slowly starts lifting it to expose her panty covered ass to him , he knows that she is under his control now .
we shouldn't do this , baby . . .please stop now . . .'
he holds his cock away so that she can lift the slip and then he feels the heat of her plump , cotton covered behind on the naked sensitivity of his cock . with the slip gone , he feels the warmth of her body radiating right through the cotton panty . and her ass is so soft and well-rounded that it already fills his cock with enough pleasure . she is also slightly moving it , making it feel alive .
he move his cock to the crack of his mother's still panty covered ass and start moving it in and out . he can hear the old woman starting to breathe faster and harder . inside the cotton covered crack more of the sensitive flesh of his cock gets covered now and the joy is more .
'please , lester . . .stop , baby , before it is too late . . .uh…uuuh…oooh . . .'
while his hands still work on her breasts and his tongue in her neck , he moves his hips lower down , to get his cock between her legs . right there where her pussy is . he moves his one hand down from the front and moves the pantie hem away , uncovering her sweet pussy , so that his soft cock can slip in .
he feels her even helping him , by slightly opening her legs , while still in the standing position .
with his cock on the soft flesh of his mother’s pussy lips now , he does not put it in , but just rub the swollen cock head over her smooth outer lips . he feels the burning heat and dripping moistness radiating from his mother's most secret place . in just a few minutes , he aroused his old mother with sexual lust . a lust that only one thing will be able to satisfy now .
this is the same vagina he arrived into this world from , 24 years ago and within seconds , he will return there . but this time in a much cooler way .
'oooooh , lester , no , what are you doing . . .please stop , baby . . .we must stop . . .oh , god . . .oh , god…we must stop…'
the motions of her body does not match her words . she is at the same time rubbing her pussy on his cock in time with his movements . he can clearly feel it . god , he has totally perverted his church going mom .
hot lust takes total control of lester now and it moves through his body like a cold electric shock . he feels how the tip of his cock - out of its own accord - start to slip into the moist warmth of his mother's slit . the vagina also plays its role in this , by moving down and it almost feel as if it is sucking his cock into the hot canal of his mother’s vagina .
he moves slowly , but strongly , holding his mother tightly from behind as his cock digs deeper and deeper into the soft folds of her most secret place . doggy style as only a human can do it .
'oh , lester . . .oh , please forgive us , lord…forgive us…'
he feels her hips slowly starting to move in time with his . she not only moves it up and down to take him deeper , but also in a slight circular motion , making him even hornier than he already is . her movement sent electric hot sensations through his whole body , each one exploding in his head like a nuclear bomb . this makes him lose all rationality .
all signs of logic and reason disappear now . he pushes his rock hard cock all the way into his mother's super soft cunt , from behind .
he starts moving in and out , hard and strong , his sensitive cock rubbing against the sensitive flesh of her inner vagina . there is no stopping them now . she moves a bit awkward , but he compensates for it .
'god , mum , it feels so good  . . . i am so sorry , mom , i can't help myself  . . . i can't stop , even if i wanted to  . . . i am going to fuck you today , mum – i am so sorry . . . i never planned this  . . . but i am going to fuck you . . .i'm going to fuck you so good . . .ah . . .'
the old woman is breathing hard .
'yes , baby , i feel you inside me . . .fuck me , baby . . .fuck your own mother . . .i want it now . . .fuck my pussy . . .i didn’t have a hard cock in me for so long…i’ve forgotten how good it feels…fuck my pussy…make it good…' the words bubbles from her mouth now .
for the first time in his entire life he hears his mother swearing . he never even knew that she knew all these words . his stiff cock inside her is making his mother swear…god…
their breathing comes in unison now , hard and fast as he pumps his mother from behind . he is still moving slowly . he loves his mother and really does not want to hurt her . her canal is so fucking tight . almost like a virgin . maybe because she did not have a nice stiff penis inside her for such a long time . today her sexless life will end forever .
not so loud
but , always being practical and a worrier , a thought suddenly flashes through his mind . he has been so single minded about fucking his mother , that he never thought about the neighbours . they live in a semi-detached house with super thin walls . what if the neighbours hear them?
he takes his penis out of his mother immediately . he sees her hips still moving up and down , looking for his pleasure-giving rod .
'what?' she asks and turn to look around at him .
'the neighbours . let me put on the radio , before they hear us .' he says as he walks over to his mother's remote and switches on the radio .
the sweet voice of karen carpenter immediately fills his mother's room . his mother is still standing there with her chubby body and the cute little fat rolls , waiting on her son to continue fucking her . he kissed her on her mouth while at the same time rolling her panties completely from her hips now .
he watches as she steps sweetly out of the fluffy pink material . he never thought that he would do something , as wrong as this , with his own mother .
for the first time in his life , he sees his mother's most secret place . the pubic area is covered with a light bush of hair . he did not even know that the pubic hair also goes grey . his mother's pubic hair matches the hair on her head . the difference being that the pubic hair is sparse and he can see the red , very wet slit right through it .
he lightly pushes her towards her neatly made up bed . he let her softly land on it manoeuvring her on her back . he lies down next to her , with his body half over hers . he starts kissing her intensely on the mouth like one kisses your lover . today his mother is his lover . today she becomes his lover . maybe his only lover , because he does not think he would want another girl after this . this must be the greatest experience of his life . this must be the most forbidden thing in the world and here he is doing it .
he always loved his mother , but today he has a new sort of love for her . definitely not the love one has for one’s mother , more the love that one has for your lover . and he is going to love her today . and from today , every day for as long as she lives .
he feels how she kisses him back still a bit unsure , but also desiring the pleasure that his body brings her . her arms curl around him and she starts hugging him as their tongues intertwine in their mouths .
god , she did not have sex for fifteen years and now she is going to give her all . . .
his hand is at the same time working her already wet pussy . his cock already tasted it and he liked it . so much that he already decided to fuck his mother every day from now on .
why would he need a girlfriend , with whom he always have trouble of some kind or another , when he can fuck his own mother without any trouble at all? and on a continuous basis . his mother is actually the only lover that any man should have .
he let his fingers go into the slimy moistness of her old cunt . a sixty five year old cunt . he never thought about it before , but he really thinks now how sex would feel for such an old person . and then the total perversion - on top of that - of getting fucked by your own son . it is so fucking unnatural , so fucking perverse . these thoughts makes his swollen cock even harder .
he feels the heat coming from his mother's cunt and he wakes up even more pleasure in her pleasure palace with this finger .
when he finds her clit where the big outer lips meet and starts rubbing it lightly between his forefinger and thumbs , she starts moaning hard and loud in his mouth . he feels the pleasure trembling through her whole body . at the same time her hips starts moving strongly up and down .
'oh , lester . . . fuck me baby . . . fuck me . . . put that big cock of yours back in my cunt . . . i want you in my cunt , baby . . . put it back in lester . . .oh , my god . . . you belong in me . . . you came out of me , so you belong in me . . . i want to feel that big cock in my cunt . . .' she exclaims as her breath washes hotly over him . he feels her hand searching for his upstanding cock .
she finds it and masturbates it lightly , while guiding it at the same time to her very eager pussy
he gets up from her and she pulls his cock towards her , while opening her legs as wide as she can , right there where she lies over her bed .
she brings his cock up to her slit . he feels the heat - like hell fires - washing over his cock .
he pushes in and then starts fucking his mother with the bed creaking heavily under them .
'oh , god , mum . . .it feels so fucking good . . .you have the best pussy . . .from now on i will fuck you every day . . .god . . .god . . .god . . .'
the woman just moans continuously as she pushes her hips up to meet him all the way:
'harder baby . . .fuck your mummy harder . . .oh , the perversion . . .my own son is fucking me . . .the good lord must forgive us , but i just can’t help myself…there is no way i can control it . i want to feel my son’s cock deep in my old cunt…it feels so fucking good . . . oh…oh… oh…oh… oh…oh…”
the loud music drowns out their moaning and the creaking of the bed .
he moves up and down into his mother , while her hips grinds strongly up into him , matching him in tempo and power . he feels how his huge swollen dick goes deeper and deeper into the soft , warm folds of her most secret place . he feels his cock-head bumping against the opening of his own mother's womb inside the warmth of her birth canal .
this must be the most perverse act ever . he is fucking the same vagina that gave birth to him 24 years ago; how perverse can one get?
god , what if she gets pregnant , flashes through his ever practical mind . how will she explain it? can a sixty five year old woman even get pregnant? just to make sure he must simply not cum in her and pull out before the time , flashes through his mind as he grinds away into his mother .
he fucks his mother hard and strong now , with her arms circling around his body , holding him tightly to her as if she wants to force him back into her body .
'my lord please . . .my own child is fucking me . . .it feels so fucking good . . .fuck me hard , lester . . .fuck your mother in her old cunt . . .fuck my cunt hard . . .ooooh…uuuuh…oh…'
lester feels the pleasure eating into his head . his cock is swollen to full capacity and deep in his own mother's eager cunt . there is no greater perversion , no greater wrong than this .
a sudden knock on the front door
then there is a knock on the front door . . .
always a worrier , he feels his cock going limp from shock . if someone discover him fucking his mother there would be big shit . he cannot afford something like that . he will be the mockery of everyone who knows him .
he will go to jail .
what if someone heard him fucking his mother and had now called the cops? what if it is the cops knocking on the door right now?
as he gets off his mother’s plump - but now - sweaty body , he sees that her hips are still moving up and down , her eyes close in total ecstasy . she does not care about the knocking on the door , only about the pleasure he generates in her pussy . the pleasure must now really be eating through her like an unstoppable flood . but , he is not like her .
'stop , mum . put on your gown and check who is by the door . what if someone heard us?'
'god , no . . .' the old woman says as she gets up and hastily starts putting on her soft pink gown .
while she goes to the door , lester runs to his own room and closes the door behind him . he listens as the front-door opens and his mother greets the visitor .
luckily , it is not the police .
it is his mother’s friend , who lives next door .
but , what if his mother tells her what happened? he knows his mother loves to talk and can she talk a lot? what if his mother tells the neighbour what happened , not realizing the consequences?
the neighbour , aunt shirley , is the news source of the neighbourhood . if you want to know about anything in the neighbourhood , you just go to her and she will tell it to you in detail . and she doesn't even wait for someone to ask her about something , she will tell you out of her own .
he was always astonished that she can know such a lot of things and in so much detail . she's an encyclopaedia for their neighbourhood knowing about everything that ever happened before , that is currently happening and to many it seems she also knows what is coming .
if she finds out that he is fucking his mother , it will be 'front-page' news for her . everyone will know about it up to the smallest detail . everyone in the world will know that he fucks his mother . god .
he and his mother could just as well have fucked on national television , because if aunt shirley knows about it , everyone else will also know .
god , how could he have been so irresponsible .
he really hope she did not hear anything . he was so concentrating onto getting that unthinking cock of his into his mother's hungry cunt that he never considered aunt shirley listening at the wall .
if they ever do it again , they must do it in his room . his room is not connected to the next-door house and aunt shirley .
but on the other hand , should he and his mother continue with this . . .fucking? it is so damn unnatural . it is something that people – decent people - simply don't do . . .it just doesn't belong in the lives of normal people .
that is why he has been living with his mother since he was born and never thought about having . . .sex with her . why did he suddenly decide to have sex with her today? and his mother is an old woman . although she is very active , what if she had a heart attack while he was fucking her? how would he have explained it?
he don't even want to think about it . today must be marked as the most irresponsible day in his live .
we cannot stop it
he is still naked when his mother enters his room after having gotten rid of the neighbour .
'it was auntie shirley . she just wanted some sugar ,' his mum says . she stands there looking down at him .
“did you tell her what we were doing?”
“of course not , you fucking idiot .”
lester smiles as he sees her opening her gown and then allowing it to fall to the floor . as his eyes goes over her plump body , all the previous thoughts of stopping this , leaves his brain as his cock takes over control of his body once more .
to a cock , a pussy is a pussy and it does not care who that pussy belongs to .
'are you alright with this , mum?' he asks as he pulls her naked body to him .
'no , i’m not , but i’m going to do it anyway . . .'
he positions her on his bed and kneels between her legs . he moves his face into her chubby legs , towards her cunt .
he smells the hot muskiness of his mother's cunt as he starts licking it . he can taste that she is still very hot . her pussy almost burns his mouth . and everything is very smooth and moist , because of the fluids oozing from her vagina walls . age does not matter here at all , as his mother is as wet as any young girl he fucked before .
it must be the idea of her own son fucking her pussy that made her this excited . this is the most forbidden thing in the world and they are doing it , right here in their own house .
as he licks the smoothness of the pussy , his mother grinds her hips up into his mouth . he holds his tongue flat to reach as much as he can of the soft vagina .
then she goes really mad when he lightly sucks on her clit . that little thing must be so sensitive and she has no defence against it .
'oooooooh . . . put it back in baby . . . put it back in . . . i can't wait . . . fuck me with that hard cock of yours . fuck your mummy . . .fuck me . . .fuck my pussy…oh god , fuck my pussy…ooooh'
he feels the hot pleasure moving from his cock through his whole body until it seems to explode in his head , making him feel a little dizzy .
he hastily turns her around so that her well rounded ass is pointed up towards him . he holds onto her old , wide hips . then he enters her from behind . he rams his very stiff rod into her soaking wet , burning hot cunt . he starts fucking his own mother with a vengeance now .
'god . . .god . . .god . . .oh , help  ,me . . . .it feels so good . . .please…oh please…fuck me , lester . . .fuck me hard…fuck me hard…fuck meeeee . . .' she screams out of breath as he starts fucking her very hard , doggy style .
her huge ass grinds wildly against his in and out pumping , as his cock goes deeper and deeper into her .
his old bed creaks noisily under them .
'mum . . . oh , mum . . . oh god , i am fucking my own mother . . . i can't believe it . . . i am fucking my own mother . . . your cunt is so fucking warm . . . i will never take my cock out of this warm cunt . . . i want to stay in you forever and ever mum . . . ooooh . . .oh god , this is the best ever…'
his mother moves so strongly , it makes the bed rock .
'yes . . . fuck me . . . fill me with your sperm , lester . . . shoot your juices in your own mother's cunt . . . oh my god . . . my own child is fucking me . . . and i'm enjoying it . . . push that thick rod deeper into me , baby . . . push it deeper . . .my own son is fucking me and i am enjoying it…please forgive me , lord…forgive me…oooh…ooooh…'
his mother screaming profanities , his rock hard cock deep in her most secret place; all this was so fucking perverted it made his cock swell out even more . he was so stiff now , if felt as if his cock would burst .
the bed was creaking rhythmically like a drumbeat under their hard fucking . then the slapping of naked flesh on naked flesh . the stiff cock of a son deep in the soft birth canal of his own mother .
he could feel he was not going to last any longer . he could feel his sperm starting to accumulate in his balls now for the final act . he wanted to fuck his mother forever , but nature would not allow that . one time or another he would have to ejaculate .
but he didn't want to cum in his own mum's cunt . that would have been just too perverted , even after everything that they have already done .
he just didn't feel comfortable cumming in the old woman's pussy . what if she gets pregnant? oh , god , what if his old mother get pregnant from his sperm?
he could feel his white hot sperm moving through the tubes like an express train . he will pull out and shoot his seed all over her big , round ass . then he would rub it into her soft flesh with his hands . that was the only thing he could do .
he just could not ejaculate into her . he would have to pull out . he will have to . . .
his cock is moving furiously in and out of her now , while he just holds onto the huge fat rolls . her hips are moving in perfect unison with him . the vagina canal is squeezing his cock seemingly sucking it to get his seed out and into the womb . the old woman’s womb is as hungry for hot sperm as ever .
as the final act comes , he has no control . his in and out moving cock is fully in control and it won't allow him to pull out . the warm heat of his mother’s sweet pussy won’t allow him to pull out . the womb , the hot tunnel pulsate like crazy now .
he pushes his cock as deep into her as he can when the sperm explodes from the little slit in his cock .
'aaaaaaaaaaaaaah . . . . aaaaaaaaaah' he groans out as he holds onto her hips to give him leverage so that he can keep his spurting cock deep in her pussy .
'ooooh . . . oooooh . . . lester . . . i feel it . . . god , i can feel your hot seed shooting into me . it is exploding all over my womb . . . god . . .it is so fucking good after all these years . . .' she breathes like a cow on heat as she grinds her soft hips even stronger into him , taking him as deep as it will go .
his cock is still spurting stream after stream of white hot , sticky cum deep into his own mother's womb . he can feel the stuff washing into her , filling all the crevices and folds of the vagina .
'god mum . . . i shot my load in you . . . oooh…oh , god . . . i came in my own mum's pussy . . . oh gad that was so fucking good . . . oh , mum , i love you . . .' this was the closes that any human can get to another human .
he has committed the ultimate sin . there is no turning back now .
he feels her body starting to shudder as an almighty climax now also explodes in her body . she press her ass as tightly against him to keep his cock as deep as possible in her .
he falls over her , as his cock slips limply out of her vagina , bringing a stream of white-hot sperm from the overfilled cunt .
they roll over and lie in each other's arms on his bed . both too out of breath to talk or do anything else . they just enjoy each other’s warmth .
when she catches her breath , his mother kisses him on the mouth and says:
'you are my man now . it is only you and your father who pleasured my body . you are the only two men who ever knew me . and i like it . we will do this from now on as much as you want . you must do me until i die one day . . .can you do that for your old mum , lester . . .mmh , baby , can you do that?'
rick wakes up from the thundering sound of the heavy rain on his bakkie . but there was something else causing his awakening .
he finds now that he has been rubbing his very stiff and very excited penis against something soft and firm . something womanly . as reality washes over him , he finds it is so . he is dry humping someone . luckily his cock is still in his pants , but it is stiff and standing up and he is dry humping a well-rounded female ass .
this reality shakes him fully awake now . the events of the previous day return to his brain in one huge rush .
he can remember that they had been preparing for the coming storm the whole day long . the coming storm was all the radio announced throughout the day . he , his father and brother have even been putting up hurricane boards on most of the big windows of their house , because they heard that the coming storm was going to be a whopper . these storms are not usual in this area , but now they had one coming . and late afternoon the incredible cold and strong wind showed them that something strange , but dangerous was indeed coming .
and then the call from aunt myrtle . her car broke down on a lonely farm road . although the old woman was very independent , she refused to work on a car . it's not feminine , she said . this is the same woman who can dig up a new garden like it’s nothing . as if that is feminine . aunt myrtle has been a widow for the past eight years now and has been living alone in her house right next to the river .
but in any case , now her car was stuck and someone would have to go and fetch her . he immediately got into his double cab bakkie and rushed to aunt myrtle's rescue . it wasn't only the storm he was worried about , but also the fact that she was stuck on a very lonely road . anything could happen with her woman alone there . although he was going full speed , it still took him an hour to reach her . very far from civilisation .
despite the icy coldness , she was standing outside the car . she was wearing her warm tracksuit and he saw that she now also had a thick jacket on over it , against the cold .
'thanks for coming , rick ,' she said as she gave him a quick peck on his cheek . 'the one minute i was driving and then everything just went dead . luckily its momentum rolled it to the side of the road . i tried to start it , but it is completely dead .'
'okay , auntie , let me check .' he says as he takes out his toolbox and walked to the ford .
he gave it a quick check and then he told her .
'bad luck , auntie . this isn't something we can fix here . i will have to tow it .' he looked up at the sky . night was approaching fast . but the night wasn't the problem . the problem was the storm . it was getting even colder and a high wind was already shaking the huge trees next to the road as if they were nothing . 'but we are not going to make it , even if we ride right now . it will be safer to stay here for the night .'
'stay here for the night , rick? where?' the old woman asked as she looked around .
'right here in my bakkie . when i fold down these seats they form a perfect double bed and i have bedding in here , because i use this bakkie for camping a lot when we go hunting , auntie . you don't have to worry . there's even food in the bakkie . . .'
and that is how they ended up sleeping in his vehicle . it was perfect . she had on her tracksuit in which she could sleep and which would keep her warm , in addition to the blanket he threw over them . it wasn't five minutes later that the storm started . in the area people are used to storms starting slowly . rain falling softly and then increasing with time , slow howling winds , which later get stronger and stronger . but this storm started full speed . as he looked through the windows at the storm outside it sometimes seemed as if they were on a planet where they are the only living beings with everything around them hostile . all the familiar things outside , the tall trees , the young wheat , the grass and the fences; all of them now seems hostile . they were alone and there were no humans in their vicinity .
and now he wakes up , busy dry fucking his aunt . it must have started while he was sleeping . he must have rolled over against her and when his ever loving cock felt the round female bum , it automatically started doing what it was born to do . luckily the old lady is still fast asleep . rick is not evil or anything , but the storm is still raging around them . from the sound of it and from the chaos on the outside of the bakkie , it seems as if the storm will never stop .
he is awake now , but decides to give her another few humps against the pleasant roundness of his aunt’s ass . he holds gently onto the old woman and makes the humps strong and tight . but this awakes his sexual drive even more . he now pulls his pants down completely and takes his long , very much alive cock out . he gently rubs it on her tracksuit pants , where he knows the ass crack must be . the material of the pants is so soft that the cock goes easily into the crack . he immediately feels the welcome warmth of the womanly ass . god , this is good .
his aunt is old , but she's still a woman . he just hopes she doesn't wake up , catching him doing what he's doing . there will be hell to pay .
with his hand he rubs it through the crack , slowly , but surely - enjoying the sweet sensations . the wrongness of what he is doing makes it even more exciting . he don't know what he will do if he cums all over her pants now , but he just can't stop himself . the pleasure makes him more daring now .
he looks to makes sure the old woman is still asleep and then he slowly but surely pulls her tracksuit pants down . very gently , so as to not awake the old woman .
god , rick , what is wrong with you? he thinks to himself .
he now rubs his naughty penis over the much softer and thinner material of his old aunt's pantie . he feels the heat even more as he positions it into the crack . his cock has a mind of its own now and start moving lower down to the secret place where it actually wants to be . the pussy . the centre of all delight for mankind since the dawn of time .
as he looks out the window of the bakkie , he thinks maybe this is what the world looked like in ancient times when humankind was born .
his cock is moving down to the extreme heat of her cunt now . he even succeeds in moving the hem of her pantie to the one side . but then his conscience reaches his logic circuits and he stops . what the hell is he doing to his old aunt? he's supposed to protect her , and look what he wants to do now . it is just good she didn’t wake up . the rain falling against the vehicle keeps her nicely asleep .
just as he stops what he's doing , he suddenly feels her old bony hand locking over the stiffness of his cock .
take it easy
a cold shock runs through rick . his aunt has been awake all the time and she felt his stupid fumbling . his father is going to kill him and he already starts thinking of where he can run to , to escape whatever punishment his father is going to give him .
'i'm sorry , aunt myrt . . .' he starts to apologise .
'it's okay , rick . it’s just natural .' the old woman says . her hand is still holding his cock . she gives it a light squeeze , making stars of pure pleasure dance around in his brain .
'i didn't mean you any harm , auntie .' he still apologises , although she said it was alright .
'it’s just natural , boy . you are actually giving me a compliment .' she now really starts to masturbate his hard pecker as she talks . 'there's a certain stage in a woman's life , when men start ignoring her as a woman . you are then either a mother , or an aunt or a granny . no one sees you as a woman anymore . so tonight you saw me as a woman again and i appreciate that . and i'm going to show you my appreciation , but you must promise to tell no one about this .' she says , her little hand moving stronger on his cock now , really waking up unknown pleasures in him .
'off course . . .'
'promise . . .'
'i promise , aunt myrtle . i will never tell anyone about this .' he says as his hips now starts moving his cock in her hand . he now feels his cock-head swelling out of its skin as his cock has now swollen to full size . he doesn't have a particularly big cock , but it can do the job . he now starts licking and kissing his old aunt in her neck , causing her to let out a satisfied moaning sound .
'pull my pants off me , rick .' the old woman tells him . he pulls her tracksuit pants completely from her legs . then he strips the pantie from her , as she lifts herself to assist him .
'aah . . .that feels good . now do what you have to do , mr man .' she says . he is still lightly biting on her ear and kissing her in the neck , when he feels her guiding his cock towards her pussy . she lifts her leg to make space for it . he is still lying behind her , with her ass against him . with her lifting her leg , he can now easily enter her from behind .
she brings the big cock-head right to the wet heat of her vagina . and then she releases it , taking her hand away .
rick pushes his cock slowly , but surely into the old woman's cunt . he surely don't want to hurt his aunt . why , she is sixty one years old and already has one foot in the grave .
'don't worry , rick , i won't break . you can even be a bit rough . most women like that .'
he pushes in hard now and then he starts fucking . the old pussy folds softly and warmly over his cock and he feels it gripping him . almost like a human fist , but with an even stronger grip . like a pussy that didn't have a cock on the inside for a very long time and now never want to let go of it again .
'yes . . .oh yes . . .oh yes . . .oh yes . . .that's it , rick . . . .give it to me . . .oh yes . . .push that hard sausage all the way into me . . .aaah . . .yes . . .yes . . .fuck my old cunt . . .fuck my old cunt . . .oh . . .fuck me . . .fuck me . . .'
rick feels how she gets more and more excited . with this excitement , her pussy becomes more and more wet and it grips his cock tighter . it is a funny kind of grip , because it grips and let go , grips and let go , like one huge , but very strong pulse . god , this old woman's pussy is alive . more than alive . he never felt anything like this with any of the young girls that he ever fucked .
outside the storm thunders against the bakkie like all the forces of hell . the huge trees are bent down almost to the ground as the strong wind attacks them . the wheat is bend down to the ground completely making the fields look like huge , shiny carpets . the rain booms down on the metal of the bakkie like assailing stones .
he puts his arms around her , to have a tighter grip . then he really starts to move into her . giving it to her hard and fast . he is a crack rugby player and has a lot of strength and stamina . all this comes to good use now that he is fucking his aunt , who seems to really want this .
from the way she is screaming obscenities and the wild way she is moving her frail body , he can see she really needed this for a very long time .
'oh yes my baby . . .i feel you deep inside me . . .i feel your big cock . . .god , you are so big . . .you seem to be filling me up . . .i love you . . .i love you , rick . . .now fuck me hard . . .fuck my old cunt . . .make me yours . . .i want to be yours . . .fuck your aunt hard . . .' the words come from her like from a news-ticker - fast and without end .
without taking his cock out of her pussy , rick manoeuvres her so that he now lies on top of her , while she lies on her back . missionary style . then he really starts giving it to her , because his cock can now go in deeper into the vagina canal . she moves her frail hips up strongly against him . she does this with so much power that he just hopes she doesn't break a hip bone .
and what will happen if the old woman gets a heart attack . but the pleasure in his penis doesn't give him time to think about this for too long . it just slides in deep into the smooth channel of the old woman .
as the climaxes starts washing over his aunt , rick can feel her juices squirting over his cock deep inside her . making her love tunnel even smoother and more lubricated . so lubricated that his cock slips out of her several times and then he has to put it back in manually again .
aunt myrtle becomes wild and mad with lust , holding onto his head , kissing him like mad and then digging into his back with her fingers that feel demoniacally strong now .
it had to happen
the bakkie is now rocking from the storm on the outside as well as their strong movements on the inside .
'yes baby . . .fuck your old aunt . . .fuck my pussy . . .make me cum over and over again . . .oh , god , i love this…i love this…deeper…deeper…' the old woman moans under him as she moves her body as fast as she can to keep up with his pounding into her . she is breathing very hard and fast now , like someone who is climbing very steep stairs . he can feel the smoothness of her sweat on her stomach .
the cold of the storm is gone for them now . on the inside of the bakkie it is hot , with the musky smell of their fucking drifting invisibly all around them .
the chev bakkie has been built for a man and is huge on the inside .
he now takes his cock out of her .
'can we do it doggy style , auntie?' he asks her . he really wouldn't want to do something that the old lady doesn't like .
'yes , baby . . .off course . . .' she whispers , completely out of breath . 'as long as you don't put that sausage into my behind . . .'
'never , auntie . . .i'm not gay . . .' he laughs as he helps the old woman to turn around on her stomach . she turns her face to the one side .
'now stick that nice bum out to me , auntie .' he says as he helps her to push her rump up .
in the faint light he sees the huge , well rounded and firm arse of his aunt pointing towards him . luckily no one would be on the outside in a storm like this . otherwise he would have been worried that someone might be watching them . but they are very far from any form of civilisation . around them it’s only the open wheat fields , the clump of trees and the gravel road stretching into forever on both sides .
he moves his hand over the smooth ass cheeks . now that he thinks about it , his old aunt's body is surprisingly wrinkle-free . there is only a few wrinkles on her face to indicate that she is an elderly person , but her body is quite smooth . even her ass . no cellulite , nothing . maybe because the old lady eats healthy and keeps active .
with his hand he guides his cock through her crack , down to the warm hole of her vagina . he plugs into his aunt . this must be the closest one can get to another person , he thinks to himself . you are actually inside that person .
and inside the old woman's vagina it’s so nice and cosily warm that he never wants to leave that softness again . this is real heaven .
then he starts moving in and out again . giving his auntie the best shafting she got in a long time . all around them the storm continues , while they fuck like there will be no tomorrow .
'finish me off babee . . .i can't take another orgasm . . .i'm going to explode . . .finish me off . . .cum in me . . .shoot my old cunt full of your cum . . .oh my baby . . .cum in me . . .yes . . .yes . . .yes . . .' she groans now as she moves her big ass faster and stronger against him . she really wants him to cum now . her knees are getting weak and she is tired . the orgasms exploding through her whole body since that big cock entered her is tiring her old body out now . she feels like she can collapse at any time , but she still need that huge thing inside her love tunnel . then she wants that semen . solid gold .
with the wet heat of his aunt's cunt locked so tightly over his excited penis , her continuous movements with those huge ass cheeks against him , rick knows he will have to let go at one time or another . there is no choice .
he starts growling low in his throat .
it doesn't built up in him , it just starts shooting from him like slugs out of a shotgun . what feels like streams and streams of white hot cum . straight into his sixty one year old aunt's pussy .
'oh , god . . .oh my god . . .you are filling me up . . .my baby . . .you are filling your aunt up with your hot seed . spill that cum in me baby . . .i want you to knock me up . . .knock your old aunt up . . .aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaargh . . .' she roars out as she desperately moves her ass to keep him as deep as possible . she tries weakly to reach backwards towards him , but fails in it .
he just holds onto her hips as he empties his balls into her .
his cock grows soft almost instantly . he bends down next to her and kisses her lightly on her mouth .
'oh , thank you , rick . . .oh my boy , i really needed that . that was the best shafting ever . after such a long time .'
'no auntie , i must thank you . you really are the best i ever had .'
'i hope it won't be too much to ask that we do this on a regular basis . i mean . . .'
'don't you worry , aunt myrtle . you will have to keep me away from you with a shotgun from now on . your little coochie is the best and i want to be inside it forever and ever . you are far better than the young girls . . .'
the storm suddenly stops without warning . for a few minutes , there is absolute silence over the whole area as rick and his aunt fall asleep in each other’s arms .
it started when my stepsister , lets call her lisa . when we were in the pool she loved it when i would throw her up out of the water by placing my hands on her ass and going under the water and lifting her up fast . when i was under the water i looked at her nice firm ass wrapped in her bikini ,of course my hands started to wander and i felt her pussy a few times without her mentioning it .
she was of normal build with longish blonde hair ,blue eyes ,freckles ,nice budding tits with puffy nipples and actually a little nerdy looking , but attractive . i grew quite attracted to her and often spied on her while she took baths and changed in her room .
she was quite innocent and would often walk around in the mornings in her nightie and white cotton panties and i would just hang about in my boxers with semi hardons which im sure she noticed . i remember sitting next to her in the evenings on the sofa while she lay with her feet towards me on her side watching tv , her panties slightly pulled up her ass and her pussy lips clearly visible through her panties , i would sit there trying to hide my hardon .
when she was older she moved up on top of the garage next to my bedroom , i was happy about that because it made it easier for me to spy on her ,this is when i started to up my game . i moved a cupboard close to my door and on the cupboard was a full length mirror that was visible to her when she opened her door , i would stand naked and wait for her to come out of her room and she would glance at me then shyly look down and walk off .
then once in the pool we were sorting of play-wrestling in the water with me fondling her and she then unexpectedly grabbed my cock through my shorts , i froze and she looked into my eyes and just smiled!
she got out the pool and said to me , 'come' .
i followed her up to her room and she closed the door and said , 'can i see it?'
i nodded unable to speak and pulled my shorts down to reveal my large circumcised cock .
she stared at it as i lay down on the bed on my back ,she knelt next to the bed and looked at it .
i asked her , 'have you ever seen one?'
and she replied ,'no'
i told her she could touch it if she wanted to and she took hold of it and commented on how big it was and at how hard and hot it felt .
i took hold of her wrist and showed her how to wank and she started slowly wanking me , feeling my balls with her other hand .
my balls tightened and my cock swelled up and i started cumming thick ,long white streams of cum onto my chest and stomach .
she was quite taken aback and she just said quietly , 'whoa! wow!'
just then i heard a car coming down the driveway and scurried off to my room with my still hard cock sticking out in front of me and with her eyes still glued to it .
the next day after school i planned that i was going to fuck her , she was in her room lying on her bed reading a book and i opened the door and came in naked , she looked a bit shocked but sat up on the side of her bed with her feet on the floor , i walked up to her so my cock was right in her face and said to her , 'why don't you try sucking it?'
she replied , 'umm ok'
she was blushing heavily as she opened her mouth and took my helmet in her lovely warm mouth causing my cock to swell , i put my hands on her head and gently started fucking her mouth when once again i heard a car coming down the driveway , as i scurried off to my room she whispered ,'come back later tonight when everyone is asleep'
i went into my room feeling a bit pissed off about being disturbed twice now while trying to fuck her .
later that night after i heard my parents turning off the lights and retiring to there bedroom on the other side of the house so i took off my clothes again and opened her door , she was lying on the bed facing the door with her legs spread and her nightie pulled up a little past her belly button . she smiled as i closed the door and knelt next to her bed kissing down her thighs getting closer to her panties . her skin was soft and my kissing had caused her to get goosebumps , i licked her panties feeling her pussy lips through the fabric . i could smell her sweet pussy and her panties got wet from my tongue probing her lips .
i reached up and pulled them down and she raised her hips so i could get them off ,her pussy had large lips with very little hair on them but she had a patch at the top which was shaved neatly for wearing a bikini . she pulled the nightie up over her head to reveal her round tits with very erect nipples staring out towards me .
i ran my tongue up her slit towards her clit and she jumped then sighed , her breathing was getting quite heavy as i licked and sucked on her pussy , sticking my tongue as deep as i could up her hole then flicking it on her clit , she started moaning a bit and was pushing her hips up towards my mouth .
i kissed my way up her stomach and took a nipple in my mouth swirling my tongue around it , she threw her head back and moaned a little more .
i went back down to her pussy and licked and sucked her clit and tongue fucked her , she was going to have her first orgasm on my mouth .
she put her hand over her mouth to stop her cries from waking up our parents and i just carried on licking her .
her legs were trembling and her hips were bucking at my mouth and i felt her cum , her pussy contracting and expanding on my tongue .
she lay there for a bit and calmed down and then said , 'whoa , that was nice!'
i pulled her by the hips closer to the edge of the bed and spread her legs wide , she went up on her elbows to see and she had a worried look as my cock was close to her pussy .
i said , 'it's ok lisa ,don't worry .'
she sort of smiled but still looked worried ,
i said , 'relax ,it's ok .'
i rubbed my cock up and down her slit touching her clit and then i slowly pushed it in so my head was only in , she was very tight and i saw her grabbing the covers with her fists still looking worried .
i started pushing deeper rocking my cock in and out of her , she was bright red and still looking worried .
i pushed deeper ,her pussy straining against my cock , i felt her hymen and pushed through breaking it .
her whole body tensed up and she took in an audible breath of air and her face was scrunched up in pain . i stopped thrusting and let her get used to my cock in her pussy .
i asked her , 'are you ok?'
and she replied , 'yes ,it hurt a little'
i then slowly pushed my cock in deeper causing her to breath heavier again .
i pushed it all the way in till my pubic hair touched her pussy lips then i pulled back till my head was almost out and then slid it in all the way back in again picking up speed till i was pounding her tight pussy hard .
she was moaning and pushing back onto my cock cumming up and down it , i felt her pussy contract and expand like before when i was licking her out and it sent me over the edge . my balls contracted and i started cumming deep into her pussy , shooting six or seven loads into her . after i came we lay there for a bit and i pulled my cock out and some cum ran down her leg , i popped my cock out on top of her pussy and dribbled cum onto her patch of pubic hair .
she lay there and looked sleepy and as i got up to leave she whispered , 'come back tomorrow night .'
how did the demon get to me? many years on , i'm convinced it was more than the actions of one evening when i was delirious or close to it . there must have been an invitation . maybe that was no more than the arrogance of an atheist: perhaps coupled with the unfulfilled fantasies and desires of an old-ish man .
i had mostly retired . my penultimate career was as a full professor in a prestigious university . eventually i tired of the infighting around me; trying to avoid it was not enough . so i left . given my reputation , it was an easy entry to a rural , private academy for the children of the rich . not too hard on them , not too hard on me . i was near senior citizen status anyway .
the academy reflected my life , in a way . a little run down , a little shabby , but with some class . i had a nice apartment in the village , walking distance to a nice office on campus .
my sex life had slowed down with the rest of me . i have no idea where i would fit on the contemporary preference orientation scale , but i knew i liked pretty much all kinds of consensual sex . i had never been all that active , but i was for the most part satisfied . i didn't expect much in the way of sex when i moved into a rural community , but had not shut all my hopes down .
in my first year , late winter , along came the flu . i could handle this mostly on my own , and more easily with a few helpers , but a few days were feverish and unpleasant .
my fever was peaking when he came . the room was mostly dark , my bed covers skewed with my tossing and turning . i sensed his presence close by before i opened my eyes . my first sight was his face inches from mine , moving in for a kiss . his lips were on mine before i could gasp in disbelief . my next breath was from his mouth , and it felt warm and sweet with just a hint of decay . the kiss , while a total surprise , blasted me into ecstasy . suddenly my erection was huge , my desire wild . i moved to hold his head to me , kissing back , and then his tongue entered me in a sudden thrust . his tongue opened my throat , how could that be , and seemed to take possession of whole mouth . almost senseless with his presence , all i could do at first was moan . i was breathing his breath , and swallowing his spit . he seemed to be pouring himself into me . i was too weak and stunned to kiss back at first , but then i pushed back with my own tongue , and found it sucked into his mouth . suddenly i was being sucked into him . i writhed in fear , gave a small scream , some of it in pleasure . he pulled back , whispered 'fear not , only believe' , and began to lick my face . it was magic; i felt like a small puppy being cleaned by his mother . i was able to catch short glimpses of his face , all planes and angles . he looked more drawn than real .
my face was wet with his spit . his head moved down , tongue and teeth on my neck . i had little fear , perhaps i should have . all i wanted was more , more of his lips , more of his tongue , more of his teeth . my armpits were next his lips pulling on the hair . and then my nipples , sucked and tongued and nibbled . the wave of lust and ecstasy has been so tense but till then , that i almost had forgotten my cock . it seemed bigger and harder than it had ever been; i could feel the pre-cum on my stomach . my hips were moving all on their own . i wanted him to suck me , to swallow , to drink all my cum .
not yet . he moved up on his knees , straddling me , and i saw him for the first time . he was a demon , a goatish animal look to his face , small horns on his head . below , his body was all taught muscle , covered in reddish brown hair . my eyes widened in horror as i saw who he was , but then my gaze landed on his cock , an extraordinary instrument , long and thick and black , a bulging head , already dripping . lust trumped fear; my little gasp was one of joy and wonder . he moved up my body , still his member was hanging above me . i so wanted to lick and kiss and love it , but he put his hands around my neck . 'do you want this inside you , do you want me to fill you?' my whimpers -- all i was capable of -- meant yes , and he responded with: 'worship me with your words and tongue' .
'my master , my lord' i said as he lowered his penis to my mouth . gently i licked and softly kissed the length of his shaft . he was huge , strongly veined , the skin hard , stretched and hot . something in his very slowly thrusting movements told me i was pleasing him . but he groaned , or growled , when i said: 'my lord , i beg you give me this your gift' . he brought the tip to my mouth . his pre-cum was amazing , fluid and tasting of brandy . i circled his tip with my tongue , flicking the opening at the very end . i knew that this was called the meatus , and i wanted that meat in my mouth . my lips moved down his glans , my mouth widening to take him . i wanted his cock in my mouth , i wanted to choke on him .
not yet . his hand took my neck again , and he moved away . he almost sprang down the bed .
firmly , but tenderly , he lifted my legs , showing my ass . he was obviously looking at my hole , when grave smile crossed his face , and in a deep voice he challenged: 'do you give this to me?' 'yes my lord , all of me is yours' . i wondered , and feared , what his huge penis would do to me . i prepared as best i could to take him in .
not yet . raising my hips , his face descended , hands spreading my cheeks . i felt his hot breath first . anticipation . with the first gentle flick of his tongue i was already desperate to have him inside me . the he was circling my hole , crossing it slowly and seductively . my hands found his head , and tried to pull his tongue into me . he let me have this one , and that long , strong tongue opened me and found its way inside . i did feel opened by it , i think i was vibrating like a string . it seemed as if he could flick my prostate , impossibility regardless . well , he was a demon . when he started thrusting with his tongue , but as he pulled his tongue out he was sucking . his trusts were slow and deliberate , his suction was brief but strong . all of me was on fire . i didn't even feel my orgasm directly , as my whole body was involved , but then my stomach was covered in sperm . his trusts slowed , then stopped , leaving me so fulfilled and loved .
he lowered my hips to the ground , kneeling before me . his cock seemed to have grown . lust and fear battled again . my thoughts weren't all that important to him at that point . he scooped my sperm -- gosh there was a lot of it -- and spread it on his penis . what a joy to have my sperm on his cock coming inside my ass . when his head touched my hole , i pushed toward him , almost reflexively as my whole body needed him inside me . but i stopped with a yelp when the full size started to stretch and open me . my demon was patient , and let my lust take its course . yes it hurt , but now it was lust overcoming hurt . holding his small and delicate hands , i pulled him in so slowly . when the head popped in , i whimpered in pain . i had never been opened that much , not even close . i pulled back , but felt immediately the loss of him inside me . i brought him in again , this time a little further . i gazed at him with trusting eyes . 'i am yours , my lord' . those words were magic to him , he groaned in satisfaction and eased himself deeper in me . we stopped on the way when there was resistance , and each time my body opened more . his penis seemed endless . finally , it reached a barrier , that was the end of my opening .
not yet . we stayed still for a while . i swear i could feel him pulsing inside me . then he bent down , bringing his head close to me . that deep bass rumble 'do you love your god?' my frantic response: 'my god my god i love you!' magic words . as his tongue filled my mouth once again , he pushed himself all the way into me , forcing my insides . my scream was lost in his roar .
all the way in , his presence was huge inside me , from my opening past my navel . i could see his bulge move the skin of my stomach . i could barely breathe . but i felt we were one , or rather that i was part of him , a feeling intensified by his tongue seeming to move down my throat .
if you can be gentle in those circumstances , he was at first . for a long while , he just rested inside me , waiting for me move . and of course my lust took over . i grabbed his hard ass and tried to pulled him more into me . that was the signal for him to start slow thrusts . each withdrawal seemed to take my insides with him , each push seemed to open me up . i was gasping and moaning -- and loving every second of it . one hand on his ass , the other on his lean and hard and ugly face , itself lost in sexual pleasure . i used my bottom skills , kegels , contractions , hip moves . it was his turn to moan , and his thrusts became longer and harder .
he was on the road to climax , but i wanted that road to be a bit longer , so i eased back and tried to slow him . 'gently , my lord , i want you forever' . i should have known better . those words just made him want me more . i could see changes on his face . i looked a little sad , almost anxious . 'do i not please you , my lord?' he began to sob , lowering his body onto mine letting me hug him closely , wrapping my arms and legs around him trying to capture him within me forever . feeling his beautiful taut muscles and hot skin turned up the temperature for me; although he had nearly stopped thrusting , i was working his cock with my muscles and moves . raising himself from my body , he looked yearning: 'do you love your god?' from me , 'my god , my god , i love you' . 'then i will seed you' .
he was groaning as he began long and slow and deep insertions , almost pulling out each time . he wanted no help from me , which was good as i was not in the real world . i was away floating on the feeling of his hugeness moving in me -- i was feeling sexual pleasure but also a sense of absolute loss when his cock was leaving , then total possession as it found its mark . i existed to receive his sperm . his thrusts became faster , he seemed to be gasping and speaking at the same time . they were the same words , almost unintelligible , so i was able to pick up some words over time: 'go my spirit , find your love , find your home' . his thrusts became shorter as he moved down toward me again , his face before mine . the tongue was out again , wetting my face , filling my mouth , into my ears , my nose , even my eyes . with short hammer blows from his cock , moving my body , his orgasm began . grunting , licking , biting , then roaring with unhuman force . he poured himself into me , the jets and gushes seeming to synchronize with the deepest part of his lunges . they say you can't feel it but i swear i did . for one thing , it was hot; for another there appeared to be a flood of it . each time his cock pulled back there was a wet gush down my crack to the sheets , the wetness spreading around my ass . i so wanted to taste that , but my arms were pinned has he finished his seeding .
suddenly he collapsed onto me , his whole weight on top . was he dead? i couldn't survive for long under his mass . but his loss of consciousness was short , and soon he was lighter , his tongue once again grooming me . and then he began to pull out , a slow retreat which was gentle but very sad for me . i made wistful sounds and he seemed to understand; his face was gentle .
fully out , my hole was still open and more of his cum came out . his mouth found my ass again , and he seemed to scoop a lot with his tongue . 'o please share' i thought , but i was too weak -- and intimidated -- to speak . but i got lucky moving up to my face , he opened my mouth with his tongue and allowed a mouthful of cum to move between us . i had to swallow , there was too much , but i was able to savour what felt like liquid fire with a strong brandy taste .
as our kiss broke , i made loving sounds of appreciation . 'my body is full of your love' , i said . the demon lay on his back , and eased my head down his body towards his groin . my god , his cock was still hard . but now it was wet and glistening as it pulsed on his stomach . i knew what to do , wanted to do it . i wish i had a tongue and mouth like his , as i wanted to bring him so much pleasure . but i seemed to be doing pretty well , as he already was moaning . his body was jerking as if in another orgasm . i took his penis in my mouth , not much of it , as i had a chance to drink more of his cum and was desperate for that chance . but holding my head he began thrusting into my mouth , forcing open my throat , pushing more into me each time . i was gagging and fighting , but his grip was total . with another roar , he began to pour himself down my throat; it was like hot coffee , way too big a gulp . it was just a few seconds , but i was close to losing consciousness . but then he pulled out so that just the head was in my mouth , i was able to breath and to swallow . and swallow . and swallow . i once chugged a glass of beer . this felt like more than that .
once again he went limp , this time even his cock . i had some quiet special time exploring his cock with my tongue . even soft , it was beautiful . when he returned to awareness , he moved me up next to him , enfolded me in his arms and said 'we sleep now' . we did , one of the best sleeps of my life , deep deep sleep .
when i awoke he was gone . and so was my fever . in fact , i felt healthier than i had felt in a long time , though still very weak . as i tried to organize my thought , i wondered whether the whole even had been a dream , a creation of a fever peaking . was that possible? no , it was real . my ass felt 'used' , not really sore but 'used' . my throat too . i still had the taste of him in my mouth . and the sheets were still wet . i keep those sheets , unwashed , put away to smell and remember one more time .
i felt as if something had happened to me . i mean of course some mind blowing sex had happened , but i mean that i felt that something else had happened to me . and it had .
my wife wanda and i are an average , well to do couple in our late forties . wanda has aged very well and her 40dd breast are just was firm as they were when she was 20 . she has put on just a little weight over the years but all it has done is emphasized her sexy hips , thighs and ass . my name is rodger and i'm just an average looking guy lucky to be married to such a fox .
while we were in college both of us started volunteered at our local homeless shelter helping with meals during the holidays . since moving away from the city , with our busy lives and schedules our volunteering dropped by the wayside the past 20 years . we started back up at a small local church the last few years but it seemed they were flush with volunteers . so , we asked the coordinator if there were other location in the area that could use our help for thanksgiving . she stated that if we didn't mind a drive that there was a non-profit homeless center in the city that is always looking for help . she gave us the phone number to call ahead to assure they needed the help .
a week before thanksgiving wanda called the location which she found out was located deep in the city in an area they call the 'devil's hole' . she spent some time talking to a woman by the name of joan who runs the holiday meal program at the shelter . she told wanda that they always needed help and what a pleasure it would be to have a 'fresh' white couple helping on thanksgiving . wanda was a bit taken aback by the comment but she let it slide as the woman informed her as to the dress code for the servers and kitchen staff . if we wanted to volunteer wanda would have to wear a black & white french maid's uniform with nude thigh high stockings , garters and a minimum of 3' black heels . i was to wear business casual slacks , button down shirt , etc . surprised , wanda agreed to the conditions and to be at the shelter by 8am , she took down the address and politely ended the call .
as wanda told me the requirements i was shocked but intrigued in a way . she asked me what i thought and i explained that it was only one day and we should give it a try and leave if things were really off the wall . thinking to myself i kind of was looking forward to see wanda in a maid's uniform . it has been sometime since she wore something overly sexy . my cock began to swell in my pants as i thought about the possibilities once i got her home that night . reluctantly , wanda agreed we would give it a try and stated she had to go shopping for the stuff she needed . once she got home from the shopping trip i begged her to model the uniform for me but she refused stating she wanted to surprise me on thanksgiving morning .
the big day came and we got up early to get ready . wanda ushered me out of the bedroom once i was ready so she could get ready . about 45 minutes later i heard a 'clack , clack' noises as wanda walked down our hallway in 4' fuck me heels . in the living room she stood there and i could not believe my eyes , she was hotter than i remembered as the uniform perfectly accented her tits , ass and ample thighs . her legs were toned by the heels she wore confined in the thigh high stockings . i had all i could do to control myself and keep my 5' hard on in check .
i walked toward here and started to slide my hands under the short black skirt rubbing her thighs making my way up to the prize . my hand slid around her ass pulling her towards me as my other hand slid down to her love triangle which was moist with excitement . she pushed me away telling me to wait till tonight when we get done at the shelter and she would give me my thanksgiving treat . we got in the car and started the 45 minute drive to the city .
the drive into the city seemed longer than the 45 minutes as all i could do to keep my eyes on the road and off of my sexy wife . wanda knew it to , she was coy in teasing me as i drove , running her hands up and down her legs and ounce in a while she would let out a faint moan as she touched her golden wetness . it seemed that wanda was as turned on by wearing the required uniform as i was looking at her .
we arrived just before 8am as requested . the shelter building was a typical 2 story run down urban building with a large hall attached to the north side of the building . as we walked into hall we passed a long line of folks already waiting for their meal . i could see the men staring at wanda as she walked by them with her heels clacking on the sidewalk . there were even a few 'cat calls' as we entered the building . wanda looked at me and smiled , happy that at her age she was getting noticed by the homeless men in line . inside we saw about two dozen couples and some single folks by the kitchen entrance . all the women were dressed in the required maid's uniforms and the men business casual . i could not believe my eyes as i looked over the women standing there all looking smoking hot . at this point a tall well-built black woman came over to us introducing herself 'hi there' she said extending her hand 'i'm barbra , you must be wanda , welcome!' wanda shook the woman's hand then she turned to me , 'and you must be rodger' . i reached out to shake her hand and she just turned away saying 'i can't wait to see you preform' she continued 'now wanda lets go meet the rest of the girls while the men get their white asses into the kitchen .' then a very large black man shouted 'all right you worthless excuses for men , let's go there lots of work to be done before the food is ready .'
there were about 15 of us ushered into the large kitchen which smelled wonderful from the cooking turkey and fixings . since i was new i was told i was not trusted to cook or fix anything . i was given a tray with salt and paper shakers and told to set them on the tables . out in the hall i could see wanda talking with a few other women by one of the tables . i worked my way over to them trying to catch wanda eye . she was fixated on what the woman were telling her , taking it all in and it even looked like she was a bit nervous as they talked . 'hey , shithead' the large black man bellowed across the hall at me 'get that done and get back in here .' no one talks to me like that! who the fuck does this guy think he is! well , i was about to find out .
i entered the kitchen in a huff ready to give the guy a piece of my mind and then wanda and i were leaving . but , as i entered , i was grabbed by two of the other white guys , both bigger then myself . let me go i demanded , but holding me firmer one of them said 'you're here now dude , just go with everything it will be easier for you and your wife . i know from experience that once your wife gets stuffed tonight she will be like mine and insist we come back as often as we can .' with that i was guided into a back storage room and once there i was confronted by the large black man . 'well whitey , you have a mouth on you' he stated as in horror i watched as he undid his pants' 'i have something that will shut you up .' with that his pants fell to the floor and a massive black semi hard cock sprang up . 'bitch walt , get over here and show my new bitch de ropes' . the guy on my right answered quickly , 'yes master jamaal' he quickly approached the black man and fell to his knees in front of the enormous cock . he reached up taking its shaft he guided it into his mouth . 'ohhhhhh , now that's it' master jamaal moaned as he reached down grabbing the man's head holding it so the black rod could be forced deeper . the white guy sucked and licked the cock with abandon . the master was uttering his approval as the cock slid in and out of the man's mouth . 'ohhhhhhhhhhhhh shittt!!!!!' and with that master jamaal pulled out and blew his thick load all over the man's face and head . 'dam , i wanted to face fuck the new boy' master jamaal uttered , 'let's get to it bitches , folks will be wantin to be fed' . and we all left the room , i was shaking thinking about what we have gotten ourselves into . back in the kitchen i was told to peel potatoes and got right to it . for the next several hours things were as normal as they could be in the kitchen . several times master jamaal went by me and said 'what a fine pussy mouth you have' every time walking away laughing . i was able to get a glimpse at wanda in the dining room serving the homeless guest .
hours past and the thanksgiving meal was coming to a close . it had been sometime since master jamaal had said anything to me so i was thinking he was busy and i was home free . well , not so fast i found out . as i walked out of the kitchen to get wanda i stopped in my tracks as i saw wanda in the corner of the room with two very large black guys pawing at her . their hands were all over her as several of the other women watched while fingering themselves . i could see that wanda was trying to get away from them but she was not able too . i was mesmerized by what i was seeing but was shaken as master jamaal threw his arm around me . holly shit!! went through my mind as master jamaal began 'she seems to be liking the attention and i bet you can't wait to see her pounded by them as i fuck your sissy pussy face' . he guided me toward wanda and the others announcing 'hey everyone , we got some new white meat for thanksgiving' then he pushed me to the floor in the corner next to the table where wanda was being groped . now that i was closer i could see and hear wanda as these two large black men pinched her nipples , shoved their tongues down her throat and slid their hands under her very short skirt . wanda was not struggling to get loose she was moaning and moving in pleasure as they played with her .
'wanda , what are you doing?' i asked in horror watching my wife being played with in this way . 'ohhhhhhh , just go with it honey' she replied 'ohhhhhooohhhhhhhhhhh , the girls told me it's a tradition here to let the guys have some fun with the new help' looking up i could see several places in the dining hall where a nice white 'maid' was either bent over a table getting hammered or on their knees with a black cocks in their mouths . it was then i heard a yelp come from wanda as she was forced over a table and a massive black cock was forced into her tiny hole . 'ohhhh yessssss' she cried as the man put all 12inches inside her . wiggling her ass and pushing back into him she moaned 'ohhh god , yes , fuck me!!' i could not believe she said that!! but , the more he pounded the more she loved it and begged him for it harder . i was lost watching my wife be hammered and seeing her also take a cock in her mouth . slap!!! a massive black cock struck my face .
'open wide bitch!' master jamaal ordered as his immense black cock pushed on my lips . i tried to keep them closed but master , with one forceful push entered my virgin mouth with the monster . 'that's it' he said as he pushed deeper holding my head , 'nice sissy bitch , take master's cock' . my mouth was over flowing with the pulsing cock . holding my head he slowly began to fuck my mouth like it as a pussy . his black tool becoming rock hard and jerking as his pace picked up . i could hear my wife moaning and begging for more cock in the background . as he used my mouth the rhythm increased and i began to give into the moment not tightening my lips and using my tongue like wanda does on me . 'see he like it!!' master jamaal announced , 'we have a new black cock sucker to use' . after that master blew his sticky , thick cum in my mouth and all over my face as i eagerly took all i could . he withdrew the softening rod and before i could catch my breath another black cock landed in my mouth .
dinner was over at 7pm but now it was past midnight as the using of the whites was wrapping up . wanda was lying on a table exhausted from the fucking she had received the last 6 hours . i was on the floor covered in black man's cum . on the drive home we talked about what just happened and how much we both enjoyed it . wanda told me that we have been invited back so every other sunday we drive into town to help feed the homeless and be their sex toys . . . .